Someone was getting fucked.
I don’t know, fisted or with a dildo, so
I had to stop and, you know, check it out,
and check them out.
I had my Magic Wand, so I was offering it.
And also, I invited myself to watch.
And I was more a voyeur.
Like, I wouldn’t just watch without asking.
Yeah, voyeurism has to be consensual or very
clandestine.
It would have been nice if there was more
BDSM going on at those events.
It’s more interesting, for me, anyway.
Like, to watch people using equipment, and
just doing all kinds of things.
Like, it’s so amazing to watch.
It’s like trust and love.
You know, love of the person’s body, and
wanting to give them an experience, like,
an ecstatic experience.
That’s more something that I would be into.
First, I think I have to feel some kind of
connection.
But not necessarily, like, a big, heavy, deep
one, or...
You read body language too.
You know, you watch somebody’s response,
so you touch them in a certain way, or with
a certain thing.
And I always like to start really slowly and
sort of subtly.
Trying to connect with where they are, what
they’re feeling.
What they want to feel more, or less.
You know, and they go somewhere.
And connection.
Connecting with everything.
It’s like a language, or something.
Or a dance you’re doing together, and I
think it’s great.
But, you know, the Pussy Palace is different.
And a lot of times people they want to just
maybe consume.
They want to consume.
And you’re not going to have a real sensitive…
But I think it was a very good thing those
particular events.